Now we're going to look at the leg,
so this is a whole lamb leg.
first up, what I'd like to do
is I'm going to French this shank bone
and remove the shank.
So this is the Achilles here.
So this is where they would hang up
this animal after it was killed.
first up, I'm going to remove that.
Next,
I'm going to French around this bone.
So cutting through the little bit of flesh
that we have here
all the way down to the bone
and all the way around.
I'm now going to scrape this bone
and clean it up.
It's a little tricky to get at it,
so find what's working here.
And so when we're frenching a bone,
we're exposing the bone
to make it look more elegant on the plate.
We do not want any connective
tissue on it.
Actually going
to push it away from me.
So we
french the shank bone here,
I just give it a little trim with my saw.
Now I'm going to remove the shank.
So right in here.
There's a sweet spot.
Where it's really nice and easy
to get through this joint.
To remove our shank,
so I started it there.
You need to get in the end of my night
in here.
There we go.
And now I want to cut this nice
and straight.
Beautiful.
So here we have our lamb shank.
OK. You can almost see that now
braised in a beautiful brown sauce
sitting on the plate just like that.